# cs327hw04
-------------------------------------------------------------

Ian Malerich - Tools for Digital Sound.
Homework 4 for Computer Science 327 Fall 2015.

# Project Structure
-------------------------------------------------------------

imaudio/
    Shared code between all projects.

sndinfo/ Sound info generation project.

sndcat/

    Sound concatination project.

sndmix/

    Sound mixture project.

sndgen/

    Sound generator project.

sndplay/

	Sound play project.
	In order to play the Star Wars theme (among others),
	I have added a few additional modifications to this project.
	First I added an option for Instruments titled 'Octave' which
	can modify the octave of every note the instrument plays, and
	(more importantly) included support for floating point values
	for note length.

sndcvt/

	Sound convert project.
	On top of the required specifiction, if this program 
	receives a .abc229 file as the input, it will read the file
	with a sample rate of 48000 and a bit depth of 32. It will
	then output the file in the wave format.

bin/

    Generated binaries.
	Not included in the zip generated by
	the 'zip' and 'zip-nodoc' targets of
	the root Makefile.

lib/
	Staticly linked library for shared code.
	A static library was chosen to keep each
	program independent of all others.

docs/
	Documentation generated the by 'docs' target
	of the root make file. This directory will automatically
	be created by the 'zip' target as well, and should be
	available for use during grading.

# Makefiles
-------------------------------------------------------------

Each project contains its own Makefile and can
be compiled independently of all other binaries.
A makefile is included in the root directory to compile
all projects and generate binaries, as well
as various other utility targets. 
Generated binaries can be found in the bin/ directory.

# A Note to the Grader
-------------------------------------------------------------
This project makes use of a few C++11 features in order to
aid in memory management. STL containers are used frequently
to automate the memory management of any large collection,
a noteable example of their use can be found in the
AudioFile and Channel classes. Move constructors were also
implemented for all major class that store large ammounts of
data, if unfamiliar these allow classes to be efficiently moved
between references without having to resort to pointers to 
move the larger data (in essence, pointers are copied to new
objects, then set to nullptr from the source reference).
These ideas combined with the use of references means this
project uses very few points, however it should behave very
efficiently with its memory usage.

The zip target of the root makefile will automatically generate
Doxygen style documentation files. This means the archive 
submitted will have a 'docs' directory when extracted.
To browse the documentation for all the classes simply open
the ./docs/html/index.html in your browser. I hope this 
aids in a quick grading process.

Lastly I have designed the program to throw an exception 
whenever it comes across an error, most programs do not
handle this exception, and so if you feed a program a bad file
it crash, but will include a small description as to what sort
of error occured that caused the crash. The sndcvt project takes
advantage of this exception handling to test the reading of
different file formats, and so provides a good example of
how this methodology is useful.

# Install
-------------------------------------------------------------
Binaries can be installed to the user's /usr/bin/ directory
with the 'install' target of the root Makefile
(will ask for sudo). These may be removed
with the 'uinstall' target.

# Documentation
-------------------------------------------------------------

With doxxygen installed on your system. Documentation 
for this project can be generated by calling the 'docs'
target of the root Makefile.

Documentation will also be generated by the 'zip' target
used to generate the archive file for submission.
Documentation may be viewed by opening docs/html/index.html
in your browser of choice.
